# Math-220-Practice
- This repository is for storing some MATH 220 practice material that I have made. They come with answers.
- I tend to make practice tests or practice problem sets harder than what you would get in MATH 220, but I try not to make them unreasonably hard. These are more difficult than what you usually see in MATH 220 since there is already an abudance of material that contain problems similar to MATH 220 in its difficulty (See PLP, Book of Proof, How to Prove It)
- You don't need to take the time limit in the practice tests too strictly. Being able to finish the practice tests in 1.5x the allocated time is already more than enough. As such, please treat the practice tests more like extra homework than an actual test that will inform you about your performance in tests. Doing well in them is likely an extremely good sign, but doing bad in them will not necessarily indicate failure.
- Don't immediately look for hints and answers, that's an excellent way to not learn anything and will bite you HARD on tests. Work on problems on your own for a bit before seeking for help. That is not to discourage discussion of problems however.
- Don't use generative AI for proofs, they suck ass, I will literally spank you and dump you into a firepit.
- The relative difficulties of the different tests I mde are roughly similar to each other. For midterms, 1 is the easiest. For finals, the easiest to hardest in my opinion is 2,1,3,4, but their difficulty should not be too far apart.
- It is a very good idea to memorize the principle of mathematical induction since it is likely to show up on tests.
